WELL, WELCOME BACK, EVERYBODY.
( PIANO RIFF )
( APPLAUSE )
YOU KNOW, FOLKS --
I SPEND SO MUCH TIME TALKING
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP'S SCANDALS
THAT I THOUGHT I'D TAKE A BREAK
AND TALK ABOUT SOMETHING ELSE --
ERIC TRUMP SCANDALS.
FLAP FLAP
BECAUSE THERE'S BREAKING NEWS
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP'S SECOND SON
AND ODO FROM "DEEP SPACE NINE,"
ERIC TRUMP.
FOR MORE THAN A DECADE, HE'S HAD
A CHARITY CALLED THE ERIC TRUMP
FOUNDATION, WHICH HAS USED GOLF
OUTINGS TO RAISE MONEY FOR
CHILDREN WITH CANCER.
BUT NOW FORBES IS REPORTING
THAT DONALD TRUMP ACTUALLY
SHIFTED SOME OF THAT CHARITY
MONEY INTO HIS BUSINESS.
SO ERIC TRUMP'S FOUNDATION TOOK
MONEY --
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
IT GETS BETTER.
SO ERIC TRUMP'S FOUNDATION TOOK
MONEY MEANT FOR KIDS WITH
CANCER.
NOT ONLY THAT, BUT A LOT OF
THOSE KIDS HAD TO MEET ERIC
TRUMP.
HOW IT WORKED WAS THAT ERIC
WOULD HOLD EVENTS ON TRUMP
COURSES, AND TELL DONORS THAT
BECAUSE HE GOT FREE USE OF THE
COURSES, ALL PROCEEDS WOULD GO
TO ST. JUDE'S HOSPITAL.
BUT IT TURNS OUT THE COURSES
"WEREN'T FREE."
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION RECEIVED
PAYMENTS FOR USING THEM, PART OF
MORE THAN 1.2 MILLION DOLLARS OF
CHARITY, MONEY THAT NEVER MADE
IT TO ST. JUDE'S.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
LISTEN, LISTEN -- COME ON.
WELL, ST. JUDE IS THE PATRON
SAINT OF LOST CAUSES.
HOW'S HE WITH LOST CASH?
FORBES ADDS THAT "THE LISTED
EXPENSES DEFY ANY REASONABLE
COST JUSTIFICATION FOR A ONE-DAY
GOLF TOURNAMENT," ACCORDING TO
GOLF CHARITY EXPERTS.
( LAUGHTER )
I JUST WANT TO SAY,
SO FOR ALL YOU SOCIOLOGY MAJORS
OUT THERE WHOSE PARENTS WANT TO
KNOW WHAT YOU'LL DO WITH YOUR
DEGREE, I'VE GOT THREE WORDS
FOR YOU -- GOLF-CHARITY-EXPERT.
( APPLAUSE )
EXPERT.
NOW BEFORE YOU GO HATING ON
FOUNDATION HEAD AND BEAVIS PLUS
BUTTHEAD, ERIC TRUMP, KEEP IN
MIND THAT THIS ISN'T TOTALLY HIS
FAULT.
APPARENTLY, WHEN DONALD TRUMP
FOUND OUT THAT ERIC'S CHARITY
WASN'T BEING BILLED FOR USING
THE GOLF COURSES, HE FLIPPED OUT
AND SAID, "I DON'T CARE IF IT'S
MY SON OR NOT-- EVERYBODY GETS
BILLED."
BY THE WAY, "EVERYBODY GETS
BILLED" IS ALSO THE REPUBLICANS'
REPLACEMENT FOR OBAMACARE.
DONALD TRUMP EVEN DONATED FUNDS
FROM HIS FOUNDATION TO ERIC'S
FOUNDATION THAT WERE THEN USED
TO PAY THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, A
MOVE THAT, ACCORDING TO FORBES,
HAS MORE IN COMMON WITH A DRUG
CARTEL'S MONEY-LAUNDERING
OPERATION THAN A CHARITY'S BEST
PRACTICES.
OH, I THINK -- LISTEN, I THINK
COMPARING THE TRUMP FAMILY TO
DRUG DEALERS IS A LITTLE UNFAIR.
DRUG DEALERS MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
I'VE HEARD.
I'M NOT INTO THAT SCENE.
BUT KEEP IN MIND, THERE HAS BEEN
A LOT OF GOOD DONE BY FOUNDATION
HEAD AND SKELETON CHILD FROM
"NIGHTMARE BEFORE CHRISTMAS,"
ERIC TRUMP.
HIS CHARITY HAS RAISED MILLIONS
OF DOLLARS FOR SICK CHILDREN,
PLUS THEY'RE CLOSE TO FINDING A
CURE FOR WHATEVER DON JR. HAS
THAT PREVENTS HIM FROM CLOSING
HIS MOUTH.
ERIC LASHED OUT AT HIS CRITICS,
TWEETING, "I HAVE RAISED $16.3
MILLION DOLLARS FOR TERMINALLY
ILL CHILDREN AT @STJUDE WITH
LESS THAN A 12.3% EXPENSE RATIO.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TODAY?"
TODAY?
WELL...
AH...
OH, I FOUND OUT ABOUT SICK KIDS
ARE GETTING RIPPED OFF BY
VOLDEMORT WITH HAIR.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH JOHN
MULANEY.